---
layout: post
title: Tricia's treasure
subtitle: Product Giveaway
bigimg: img/Fotolia_51810363_Subscription_Monthly_XXL.jpg
tags: [giveaway, review]
---

As many of you know by now I love beauty products of all kinds. I can never have enough skin care products, cosmetics or any other beauty products. I have very dry skin and always looking for a great product to exfoliate with and keep my skin looking great. I was given this wonderful opportunity to review two products from âme Body Care.

This is a story taken from the company. I did not want to change it in any way as it is important to know all the facts of this genuine company.

Pumpkin Spice Organic Body Scrub is the first scrub I tried and it is completely amazing. The smell of pumpkin spice, ginger, nutmeg and cinnamon will make you think of fall, thanksgiving and pumpkin pie! It smells so good that you want to eat it. Not only does it smell fantastic but also it will leave your skin glowing. You can add this to your bath to exfoliate your skin or rub it on your skin, exfoliate, and then rinse off. The Blend of organic oils that includes coconut oil, almond oil, olive oil, jojoba oil, grape seed oil and organic sugar will moisturize while removing dead skin leaving your skin feeling radiant and beautiful.

I loved this product and felt my skin was softer and smoother after using it. My elbows are always a big issue for me and often are dry and cracked. I used it on them and found my elbows to feel a lot better and more moisturized and it helped remove the dead skin. The smell of the pumpkin spice is amazing and reminds me of pumpkin pie. My husband never gets excited over products like this but he even said how great it smelled.

Key Features:

100% organic scrub & body polish. Made in USA
Reveals healthier, younger and softer skin by gently exfoliating and moisturizing
Preservatives free and Safe for Environment
âme body is here to make difference with your help. Portion of this sale will go to March of Dimes. A Non Profit Organization that works to improve the health of mother and babies by preventing birth defects, premature birth and infant mortality.
[Read More](http://triciastreasure.com/2013/10/body-care-review-giveaway.html)
